# vocal-for-local
Buying stuffs these days has become easier with the  e-commerce scene. But things like resistors, capacitors which cost just Re.1 or 2 locally are costlier online, even then people buy through these e-commerce websites due to the lack of local knowledge and busy life.  'Vocal for local' connects the ultimate user to the shopkeeper and makes the communication seameless through less talk and faster response. Shopkeepers just respond to a yes or a no whenever a costumer clicks 'Interested' button on the product description page. 'Yes' corresponds to the availability and 'No' to the unavailability of the product. Thus , the costumer only needs to go if the product is in stock. The distance that the consumer needs to travel is also reduced as the website lists the product in the increasing order of price and distance of the shop from the costumer. The shopkeeper can also add or remove products from the available list of products.  What if the shopkeeper lies or scams? Well, for that we have a review system which ensures more honesty from the shopkeepers. Shops that have good reviews get special mention from us which helps them get better reach and more business.   What if the shopkeeper doesn't know how to use our website? Firstly, the website has local language support so that there is less confusion and even then if the user finds it hard to use, we have 'Add shop' option which lets a third person add the shop details so that the shopkeeper has less headache. This particularly helps local cottage industries to sustain.  We intend to improve and make this process seamless so that no shop remains unnoticed.
